well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about lieutenant colonel tammy duckworth
we're gonna do this because then all the
time I've been doing this I have never
gotten this many questions about
somebody who hasn't even been selected
yet and most of them are asking is this
the person that can fill the role that I
said the Biden administration was gonna
have to have in order to undo Trump's
mess and we will get to that if you
don't know she is apparently on the
short list to become Biden's VP nominee
okay so a little bit about her she was
born in Thailand and growing up traveled
around Southeast Asia with her father
who was doing humanitarian and
diplomatic work she came back to the US
for school went to college did ROTC and
joined the military
she chose to fly helicopters because at
the time that was one of the only roles
opened to women that could go into
combat in Iraq her blackhawk took an RPG
and she lost both legs and severely
injured one arm she got a waiver stayed
in the military and retired as a
lieutenant colonel
maybe five years ago that's a guess I
could be wrong on that she has a Purple
Heart meritorious service medal Air
Medal and a bunch of other stuff her
military record as far as what's public
exemplary her voting positions exactly
what you would expect from a vice
presidential nominee under Biden no big
surprises here supports carbon-capture
supports
the Affordable Care Act supports a path
to citizenship for choice her only real
stumbling block is gun control and it
doesn't really matter where you sit on
that
that's it's just not a strong topic for
her if you are a pro second amendment
you're not gonna like her if you are
looking for effective gun control you're
not gonna like her one of the things
that she put out one of the bills she
sent up was basically a more or less a
carbon copy of the law that I make fun
of in the three-part series on gun
control because it was completely
ineffective it focused on cosmetics more
than anything else so it's just not a
strong topic for her and it may be a
case where she's just rolling with the
party because I know she is a gun owner
but to be honest none of this really
matters as a VP now the question
everybody's asking can she be the
foreign policy person that I said the
buyed administration was gonna have to
have in order to clean up Trump's mess
yeah yeah she could be she absolutely
could be
when she first ran for Congress one of
her her big her big things was wanting
to audit how we spent money in regards
to International Affairs that's kind of
a bizarre thing to run on your first
time out you know that that's that means
you actually care about this subject she
has the knowledge she has experience she
understands the way the world works and
she actually cares about the subject so
yeah if the Biden administration if
their team is looking to have a VP with
a strong foreign policy presence like
that's that's really what they want them
to take care of she'd probably be a good
pick especially if she's backed up by
professional diplomats rather than
political appointees in State
Department's top positions yeah I
definitely see that as a
as a very likely scenario she also has
an added advantage in dealing with
countries that don't always take women
seriously because she's a war vet even
if they don't take women seriously she
survived an RPG she's going to get more
she's gonna get more respect from the
leaders of countries that don't treat
women as they should and I don't think
that that should be undervalued if
that's going to be the case if they're
going to use the vice presidency for
foreign policy yeah I she's not a
diplomat but she has the base of
knowledge to to accomplish it I don't
know that that's what Biden's team is
doing I don't know if she should be VP
but if that's what they're going for
there they're looking for somebody who
can fill that role because Biden is
lacking in it that they've they've
chosen well as far as I can tell anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night